Add note re: create a replicator for every resource you want to replicate (#2225)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/reference/etcdreplicators.md

When the cluster starts up, each sensu-backend scans the stored replicator definitions and starts a replicator process for each replicator definition.
Source clusters with more than one sensu-backend will cause redundant writes.
This is harmless, but you should consider it when designing a replicated system.

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource you want to replicate within a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate within a namespace.
```

> Creating a replicator for a particular namespace will **not** replicate all resources within that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate.
Replicating `Namespace` resources will **not** replicate the resources that belong to those namespaces.
```

- Never use insecure mode without TLS mutual authentication outside of a testbed.

> **Create a replicator for each resource you want to replicate within a namespace.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate within a namespace.**
```

> - If you only create a replicator for a namespace, it will **not** replicate all resources within that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate**

- Replicating `Namespace` resources will **not** replicate the resources that belong to those namespaces.
```
